hellofresh makes getting back into the
fall routine easy their delicious
seasonal meal kits take the guesswork
out of meal prep and are delivered right
to your door get up to 14 free meals
including free shipping with code face
14 at
hellofresh.com
face 14.
[Music]
[Applause]
goddamn dude henry just farted so bad
i thought he i thought he should
i thought he shouldn't sleep or
something i don't think he did oh my god
is there ever a good henry fart
no but this
this smells like baby diarrhea
he had one the other night i've been
meaning to talk about it for a couple
weeks he uh i don't i don't know if
we've started yet but he farted so bad
uh it was a silent fart too mickey you
know he kind of lays between emily
he farted so bad it woke her up
and she was like half asleep
and he just i was like on my phone
reading uh on reddit and uh he farted
and i was like oh chris that's rough you
know and i just barrel through but she
actually turned over and she was like uh
that's bad
and i went i went what and she just goes
eggs and then just went back to sleep
what
i i don't i don't even think she knows
she did it yeah she farted or he farted
she woke up rolled over just in her
sleep said it's so bad and i said what
and she goes eggs and then just went
back to snoring was that the story that
was postponed from last week yeah
i was going to tell them the bigger way
but it's it's essentially
that's all that happened
we could redo that if you want we go no
no no no no i just i want to barrel
through it because i feel like we have
so much other stuff to talk about and a
lingering fart story it's you know well
i'm just i need to know is there any way
that you can is henry like the perfect
equalizer in hiding farts like can you
get farts under the radar oh my god dude
are you kidding i you know
we have the whole thing about how my
girlfriend
has never [__] right and uh and how i'm
pretty sure she throws it in the yard
and i clean it up thinking it's the dogs
uh i'm reasonably sure
that at least sixty percent of the time
it's her not the dog farting what if
henry has never fought
what if henry has never far she woke
herself up with her ex
well
he definitely farted in this room a few
seconds ago but yeah it uh it's entirely
possible and i'm i'm super amenable to
the idea that
she's been hiding
she's been hiding her farts as his have
you ever attempted to cover one of yours
as his
no because i don't hide farts dude i
don't embrace people yeah i mean you
recorded them you wanted to do a service
around yes i made it with my body i want
i want the world to know about my farts
anyway this is face
would you well is this 70 right last one
was is this 70 i said 70. 70. i believe
so that's quite a lot where does the
time go yeah do you get the feeling that
seven looks
it looks like a way bigger number than
six in a lot of ways that yeah
like eight isn't
tons more than seven but seven seems
loads more than six
yeah no it's the look of a seven yeah
yeah no i'm more intimidated by an eight
than a so you think you think like
everything's pretty low and then eight
happens it's like whoa yeah because the
six is like a smaller version of an
eight if like you that if that six got
jacked up fully grown like a fully
developed like i feel like a six evolves
into an eight yeah i guess just 70 feels
like you know you don't you don't feel
like a six like for me a six is balls
drop and it spins and it becomes a nine
that's how i said that
well where does the eight come in is so
is an eight completely unrelated to the
six in the in the genealogy tree of
these numbers oh you're trying to like
figure out which numbers had sex to make
yeah
so because like jeff is bringing up a
great point listen a seven is the is is
a two and a five fooling around two and
a five like if a two and a five had a
baby it probably would be a seven you
get a little bit of the five or maybe a
one and a two maybe that's what it is a
one and a two had sex adding two and
five no i'm just thinking of the the
look of those numbers yeah i think a
seven looks harsh i feel like a seven's
like it like cuts through you yeah do
you think david fincher has any
responsibility for your views of seven
do you think that has influenced you in
any way i've actually never seen it
really okay no no i don't say that's a
no good movie though it is a good movie
does that hold up though as a movie
probably not probably not yeah i haven't
seen it in a very long time what movies
do you think have a have a funny
perspective based like there's some like
epic movies out there but if you were
just stood in one place for the entire
movie
some of them are pretty interesting
like
like an interstellar i haven't seen it
the main main guy takes off in a rocket
docks it to a space station
drives the whole thing for about two
years to saturn
goes through a black hole and then
like 80 years later comes out without
any of that [__] just flowing
be weird if you're just waiting there
for it you would miss out on obviously
all of the movie but from that
perspective you'd be very confused
do you think like the perspective of
what's happening in the world the lord
of the rings from just a hobbit we don't
know
he lives in the shire he's neighbors
with the guy
like over here sings occasionally do you
think they have like local news they're
getting like updates like ah they're
working with the trees now
like what is that perspective
i've also been trying to figure out the
uh the ratio between the movie that is
the shortest compared with how long it
feels and i think i've got the ultimate
film for a movie that
feels like it's four hours long but it's
in fact quite a neat
90 minutes yeah i think i have one too i
need to look up how long it is what is
yours
mine is
a razor head
[Laughter]
are you gonna [__] stand here or sit
where are you standing right now we're
sitting what's that are you gonna sat
here and tell me you i see you and i sat
there and watched a racer head together
and you didn't like it
no i i thought it was very interesting
very weird it's fun to watch
something that is just bizarre and to
the point where you're just looking at
it almost just like
what is happening but god damn does that
feel like a four-hour movie and it's
exactly 90 minutes it is it's
exceptionally dense that movie
there's a lot
and i think i think black and white adds
at least 45 minutes to it you should see
the documentary about the filming of
that movie it's really interesting you
know he uh he shot one scene a day for
five years that's how he made that film
yeah why sounds like a diaper or maybe
18 months or something but it was i
think it was like ridiculous like five
years uh they were well he got a grant
from the op from like the los angeles
film
commission or one or like one of those
people or the american film society one
of those it might have been an american
film study anyway he won or got a grant
uh and then they let him shoot like on a
location a property that they owned but
he could only shoot at night because it
was just a day or something so they shot
one scene a night for like five weird
yeah what a fascinating way to shoot a
movie yeah uh
and i just i looked it is long but it
feels longer it feels like a five-hour
movie the tree of life
it's a two-hour 18-minute movie it feels
like it's six hours long it's very weird
i feel like it's incoherent it's okay
like i i don't think many people
listening would probably have seen it
it's a terrence malik movie it's fine
yeah i don't think a lot of people have
seen a razor head
have you guys
have you
uh have you guys ever watched the crown
on netflix no
that's an hour-long tv show
i challenge you to watch one hour of
that show and and come back and tell me
it felt like one hour every time emily's
got that show on it's like time stops it
is it's seven hours it's like a ken
burns documentary every
episode like a full ken ken burns ten
points like yeah it's like ken burns
baseball every is crammed into
62 minutes or whatever on of a [__]
netflix [__]
i have a pitch for
for one of the like kind of an idea
you're describing gavin this is a
terrible idea in my head but i i would
just i'd like to see this show you know
talking about like a show or like a
perspective where nothing happens i want
to show
in the game of thrones universe but it's
current day
and it just follows like a classroom of
kids and that's their history like
that's just the world they live in like
it's completely normal it's like our
world now
but their history is the [__]
daenerys and all that [__] but they've
got like iphones and stuff yeah they
have iphones they're just it's like ours
because i think about when i was a kid
in school i didn't give a [__] about
history like i couldn't care less and
now as an adult i have an appreciation
for how interesting it is i just love
the idea of like what we perceive as a
great drama show
being the history for this world and
kids like i don't give a [__] about
anything you think you think it'll be
like like how every 10th grader rolls
their eyes when it's like here we go
with nazis again it's like oh my god
these [__] these [__] white
walkers
yeah
you better go bored you'd be speaking
valerian if it wasn't for these
[Music]
i just think it's the concept of like
that being your history and how it would
impact the culture going forward
also just i like the idea of kids not
appreciating because i i certainly
didn't i didn't i didn't either at all i
didn't
i didn't give a rats about history now
it's probably one of my largest
interests
about [__]
yeah i feel like i did school at
completely the wrong time yeah like i
would love if i was going into uh i
don't know 12th grade right now i'd be
pretty pumped about it pretty exciting
oh yeah i'd love to be just rolling into
my gcses right now bit of year 10.
i know exactly what i wanted to do oh
it'd be brilliant i would love for there
to be a real billy madison like program
i just want to realist i want to do it
all over i feel like i've got more
perspective on life i'm more
enthusiastic about learning there's
things i've i've clearly missed a lot
with the shift key i could use this if
there's anyone who deserves a second go
through
[__] should we just had a merch meeting
and we were talking about ideas uh from
new merch we should come up with a shift
oh we should sell shift or just a shirt
with just the up arrow on it no i like
the idea of just selling a shift key
just a singular key
oh like you can do this shirt as well
but could it just be like a giant like
the button we made like a huge shift key
we can push it we can push it and when
you push it it's just gavin going
[__]
or jack who doesn't is somebody yeah
jack doesn't believe you liar liar liar
[Laughter]
oh that's [__] great
to be fair there are a lot of keys on
the keyboard that i have no idea what
they do and i've used the keyboard
almost every day for two decades i had
another realization that i'm scared to
talk about after the shift key thing but
it is something i i made recently like
i'd say within the past four months or
so it's not it's not new but i just
didn't know this
and i don't think it's a big deal i i
think this might actually be a thing
that some other people don't know but
uh rock band rock band was a game
everyone remember rock band how much fun
that was yeah i i had rock man and i
thought the coolest part
of rock band was the fact it had drums
because guitar hero already had the
guitars i'm not going to sing like this
is not something that interests me but
the drums are [__] cool you get to
smash these things it's great
i did not realize that you could just
hold the pedal down
and continue to play i thought that you
couldn't i thought you could only use
the pedal when that note would appear in
the game track to hit it
i had no clue
uh
yeah the pedal for like what was it was
it for like holding down the the cymbal
part i was like
it was like the kick drum it was like it
was like to kick the drum
you you'd have to i think when you
properly play i think as eric is saying
i think that's how you properly play the
drums is you just hold the pedal down
and then you release and kick when you
need to so whenever that would scroll
through
i would click it the problem is my foot
would cramp up because you're not
supposed to keep your foot at that angle
so i could play like two or three songs
then i'd be in pain i'd be like this
sucks i wish this was fun i went through
my whole life of rock band thinking i
couldn't do that i thought if i held it
down it would [__] up the other notes i
hit and it caused so much discomfort and
i realized like four months ago you
could just hold it down
i think that's okay also are you still
playing rock band no but i talked to
somebody about rock band the other day
it was just it blew my mind at the time
you don't have room for rock band in
your room no you do not no i don't i
really don't
it's a problem
eric says eric says people are pissed
about the shift key are they i feel like
we went over that i don't know i don't
know if they're pissed about the shift
care not but i do think it's i do think
the idea of shift keys as a merch is
funny or maybe people should mail you
their shift keys i don't know uh there's
definitely something why don't they mail
me my sh
why so you can use them now because now
you know how shift works yeah but they
do that's a great point that's where i
was going with this that is what's going
with this is uh is uh scrump
has become a global phenomenon already
the world has embraced scrumping
in a big way
we're very excited about scrumping i saw
a lot of stuff on the instagram stories
of people picking apples
today is uh just
put this in context today is thursday
september 16th when we're recording this
i believe the this coming up tuesday we
will we'll be picking up our metallic
uh scrumpy yard signs so that we can
sell them
wow we are gonna sell notice no
scrumping uh metal signs
uh eric's typing and he's either about
to say yes that's correct or jeff you
weren't supposed to talk about that yeah
number four on the image oh yeah so it's
like it's a black white and red sign
that says notice no scrumping and it'll
be in the store i guess next week is
that yeah i'd love to have that on my
lawn i just feel like it would make my
neighbors talk to me though which is not
something i want
right
do you think that old lady who threw the
cucumbers would come to the door she saw
the sign she needs a clarification
i don't know what scrumping is but i
hope it's not throwing cucumbers at your
house
maybe she scrumped those cucumbers
that's why she was trying to shift
do you think andre i was thinking about
another thing that is is uh very
frequently used but i think some people
don't know it when you reply to an email
what does it put in the subject line
i don't even know how to answer that
question what do you mean
what when i answer an email what does it
put in the subject line i mean this
isn't the question i just want you to
understand what i'm talking about like
it has the subject of an email when you
hit reply it changes the subject it adds
two letters yeah it does yeah
do you really not know what two letters
it is no
okay i wrote an email like i replied to
an email a minute ago sort of defeats
the um
misconception that some people have
about the two letters what do you do
what's
oh yeah okay yeah no i yeah yeah what
does that mean
i've well [__] now i need to think about
it let's think about this for a minute
okay
uh so my initial just gut read on this
would be responding to email
um
re
response maybe could be that could be
some of those are tricky where you'd
think it'd be res if it was response but
it might just be re
it's not resident evil that's also
something that comes to mind i can
narrow that out
gavin i didn't think this was something
people didn't know until this moment and
andrew definitely doesn't know
r e returning return return email could
that be it
because you're responding it's like
you're
if you imagine you know physically good
you've not really got i feel like most
people think
it's for reply
oh okay well respond kind of in the same
it's like second plate and reply would
be first like it's in the same thing but
it's uh regarding
and then the subject oh so
that's the because so not only did you
not understand what i was saying at the
beginning your misconception was
completely different anyway i don't know
why i asked
eric says he still thinks it's resident
evil
i feel like all of mine outside of
resident evil joke answer better than
regarding i know regarding is just fine
yeah how often do you say regarding
you're dating
i don't say regard i say in regards to
fairly often i think sure
okay that's acceptable i just don't like
regarding i don't i don't know it's not
a rotational word for me well hey you
know what if you don't like it we won't
say it how about that we will ban that
word from this show i don't think we
need to ban i'm just saying if i'm
writing an email i feel like there are a
lot better options who decided it means
regarding who made that's not from email
i don't think i assume it's from uh like
old old writing i learned it in a letter
writing class like in fifth grade or
something what do you mean
like when you like learn how to write
letters like professional letters and
[__] in school like when i was a kid i
learned already in regards or regarding
huh
okay see my confusion was i was thinking
about did people send letters back and
forth like the same letter like a reply
email but physical
because in my head that makes no sense
but to do regarding
so they write you a letter and then you
just write regarding the letter you sent
and then how would you well yeah because
you say like or like re that question
you asked or whatever you know
yeah because back then when you
responded to a letter if you're using
new paper you wouldn't
quote the entire letter under your
response so you actually have to say
this is what i'm replying to yeah yeah i
don't i don't think i'd ever write a
letter with the intent of having it be a
continued conversation that seems like a
lot of work oh you're one and done don't
tell me yeah well no no okay here's the
it's like imagine a volley in a tennis
game but every game is a different match
i don't expect the continuation of the
conversation what if you were writing to
someone and you asked a bunch of stuff
and then then you only need a response
for like one thing they would probably
write what they were responding to yeah
well i i feel like i don't need them to
say regarding this i feel like i could
just get the answer i wrote to them i
know what i wrote so if someone replied
to something you wrote and they just
wrote four
yeah wouldn't you be like what are they
talking about well nobody would do that
though they would provide they wouldn't
say regarding they would just
they'd be like i want uh
i don't know what are we talking about
how many apples have you scrumped
recently if i asked that and if they
replied four i'd understand what that
meant yeah i would i would i wouldn't
need them to say in regards to the
scrumping i i wonder i wonder what your
quality of life would have been like in
a world before the internet like 30
years i think andrew was born at the
correct time i think so too i really do
i wonder how he would navigate a pre
in the convenience of modern internet
world no i would adapt if i grew up in a
different time i'd be different me i
don't think you can measure current
andrew as opposed to a different time
period age so what caused you what i
don't know uh
what like
what do you mean how is it concerning
you wouldn't be like the way you are if
you were knocking about with the tudors
and stuff
i don't understand what caused me yeah
like you are you if uh but why like who
sculpted you
my environment i guess i don't know
that's such a weird one well what's had
the biggest impact is it like your
school friends is it your parents i
think all of it impacts you to an extent
i think yeah kind of the era you live in
the people around you your parents your
background i think all that kind of
shapes you into the person you are
and then you kind of acquire your own
experiences as you get older no man
don't let me forget i don't want to
change the subject from this but i
expect i had a new experience in vegas
uh that i have got to share with you
guys later um
i lost my trade of thought i just think
i you know i bet you i'd be [__]
great at writing letters if i was in a
letter time i'd have a quill i'd get it
all fancy i'd have nice that's what we
did that's what we did before the
internet we used quills
but you wouldn't you wouldn't ever type
re colon no
no i wouldn't
i think it'd be outrageous
in my head a letter is you kind of put
all your thoughts out there and then
they acknowledge some of it and put all
their thoughts it's not really an
ongoing conversation you know volley
it's a different thing you definitely
vol we definitely used to follow in
letters
that's how you would have conversations
with people far away man if you didn't
want to pay a thousand dollar phone bill
uh yeah i mean yeah i'm just saying now
i'm saying my perception of what letters
are in the environment i grew up in if i
grew up in a different if i was in the
lighter time if i said the letter days
the olden times the letter era
i will say regardless of when when i was
born i'd never understand how faxing
works
no clue that's just a thing that would
never work in my head couldn't process
that
i'd never faxed you've never understood
facts i'd never be a faxer you got to
put a phone number in or something it
seems very unnecessary i think that's
more you think that's less convenient
than writing and then mailing a letter
yeah because as i think i've talked
about the show before mail terrifies me
i don't understand how any of it works
it's just magic it's the equivalent of
magic to me i feel like male is the
easiest thing to understand you
physically write male and then someone
takes it to where you write it doesn't
involve a modem it doesn't involve [__]
no it doesn't involve silicon in any way
it's the process that blows my mind that
i could write a letter to france and
they would be able to deliver it
accurately and i could depend on that
and all i have to do is write an address
on it and put some stamps and i'm good
but sending a text wirelessly to someone
in france that's easy that's that's not
magic well that is
it's all magic
but there's a physical component to it
the fact that somebody's having to hold
my letter and and move it like it's
touching several people's hands
there's like a level of personal touch
to mail that i think is wild
or just sending a text is [__] crazy
it's ridiculous it's amazing that that's
a thing that can happen
but it's just not
there's so many i don't know there's so
many ways a letter can go wrong
and i don't feel the same way about a
text
yeah i guess to a point that there's no
way your text will like fall down the
back of a trolley and get stuck behind a
wall for 10 years exactly i had listen i
ordered popcorn from toronto once i got
it from across [__] canada
and they shipped it and just got lost my
text if it gets lost i get a little
symbol on it and i can resend it a
minute later my popcorn was lost for
weeks weeks it was lost
you had the same speed of feedback to
lost mail like you ordered the popcorn
10 seconds later it's like we lost it
i found it i got the popcorn it was just
in a warehouse they forgot it existed i
think because i complained and that it
showed up the next day but then i was
like is this fresh popcorn like i can't
how do i judge the quality of this thing
it was very good i'd recommend the honey
mustard popcorn very good i didn't even
show you but yeah it's good buttered
also good
[Applause]
are you the kind of person who falls
asleep already thinking about the next
morning's coffee well i am yes to that
question would you consider yourself a
certified coffee nerd or a professed
coffee newbie uh i would say i'm
somewhere in the i'm certainly not a
newbie uh i don't know that i'm a i
don't know i don't take take my coffee
as seriously as the people of australia
or anything but i'm i'm into it i'd dig
my coffee either way you need to hear
about trade okay jeff tell me about
trade okay jeff i will does your at-home
coffee just not live up to your
expectations oh
hitting you right at home or where it
hurts they know they're like uh sure in
public you'll be like no my my at home
coffee is just fine why would you ask
but they know what's going on behind
closed doors interesting seems like
trade can change that trade's goal is to
make every cup of coffee your best ever
why that sounds like a really worthwhile
goal i could get into that the journey
to your perfect cup starts with taking
their coffee quick i like taking quizzes
those are always fun you find out like
you know which member of seinfeld are
you or what's the perfect cup of coffee
use a french press automatic drip i have
both are you a cold brew person you know
i am not a problem your answers will
allow trade to pair you with the perfect
coffee to fit your tastes
all of this talk has got me wanting
coffee now trade will match you to
coffees you'll love from 400 plus kraft
coffees and will send you a freshly
roasted bag as often as you'd like oh
that's that's pretty fantastic actually
uh what's the catch there's no catch
that's awesome give feedback as you sip
as your preferences evolve your coffee
matches will too
oh man that's like the netflix algorithm
it gets smarter and smarter the more you
rate the better the more it goes that's
that's good you can feel good about each
cup since trade partners with more than
55 small u.s based roasters who are
committed to ethical and sustainable
sourcing huh i'm pretty jazzed about
this for our listeners right now trade
is offering your first bag free and five
dollars off your bundle at checkout to
get yours go to
drinktrade.com face and use promo code
face take the quiz to start your journey
to the perfect cup that's drinktrade.com
face promo code face for your first bag
free and five dollars off your bundle
enjoy we all shop online hopefully we
all shop on the rooster teeth website
store but regardless of whether we do or
not we're shopping somewhere online i've
already shopped online it's uh 1 42 in
the afternoon central time uh in austin
texas i have already bought three things
today from two different online websites
and we've all seen that promo code taunt
us at checkout i did just today as a
matter of fact but thanks to honey
manually searching for coupon codes is a
thing of the past what's that oh it's in
the rearview mirror you can't even see
it anymore you're so far it's so far
behind you honey uh it's like it's like
you're uh you're graduating college and
uh and and they're talking about high
school it's ridiculous it's so far
behind you honey is the free shopping
tool that scours the internet for promo
codes and applies the best one it finds
to your cart honey supports over 30 000
stores online that is more stores than
you will shop at in your lifetime i am
reasonably reasonably certain although
i'm that's not a challenge i'm not
trying to tell you to buy at 30 000
stores uh you you do you uh just know
that if you do buy from any of those 30
000 stores honey will support you here's
how it works imagine you're shopping on
one of your favorite sites when you
check out the honey button drops down
and all you have to do is click apply
coupons
wait a few seconds ding dong tick tock
tick tock as honey searches for coupons
it can find on that site and then if
honey finds a working coupon ding you'll
watch the prices drop
[Music]
you've heard me talk about how much my
girlfriend and i saved on our stand-up
paddle boards until you're blue in the
face i i brag about it constantly thanks
to honey but just today i got some stuff
with like a ten percent discount uh i'm
not going to tell you what i bought
today because that's my business not
your business and uh it certainly wasn't
uh related to uh collectible uh pewter
spoons or uh metal or ceramic thimbles
but regardless i did receive some
savings and uh i encourage you to as
well and if you don't already have honey
you could be straight up missing out on
these savings it is literally free and
it installs in a few seconds and by
getting it you're going to be doing
yourself a solid and you'll support this
podcast i'd never recommend something i
don't use get honey for free at
joinhoney.com
face that is joinhoney.com
face
hey i got a question uh now that we're
25 minutes in jesus christ what do you
guys want to what do you guys want to
talk about this episode i i would like
to briefly talk about the fact that um
andrew i thought andrew was doing a bit
over text and this just makes it even
better
imagine this being written and delivered
and the the
the carbon footprint involved this was
done over post yeah
andrew wrote
well wait wait wait a second wait a
second before you say that let me just
ask jeff okay jeff who performed the
keenan and kale rap i have no idea what
you're talking about
see
i'm i'm i'm way too old for that [__] i
i know who those actors are obviously
jeff doesn't even remember we talked
about this oh my god did we talk about
the keenan and kel rap
did that last episode
just
what's going on
are you both doing a bit now i'm going
nuts
no i'm good we're talking about keenan
and kell last week yes oh my god
why would
[Laughter]
i rode a roller coaster with keenan was
that what we were talking about oh my
god i thought andrew was doing a bit
because i thought it would be insane
that he didn't oh
andrew out of nowhere
a day after we recorded last week
[Music]
said you didn't mention coolio does the
keenan and kell rap that's wild i just
wrote considering we just talked about
it the day before is this a bit
he said did you mention that yesterday
and i just said this is a bit and then
you were i'm very confused back and
forth blah blah blah i checked the
freaking
episode i mentioned coolio by name three
times while i was telling the story
about how i was stuck in a simulation oh
no one heard it did anyone hear that oh
no you were stuck in a simulation
because uh [__] kept conveniently
popping up after you talked about it i
remember that i think it was the other
way but yeah i at least remembered that
we discussed the keane in a kell rap i
just i somehow
missed the fact that it was coolia and i
was three times by name
i feel like i remember coolio more than
keenan and kell he didn't remember any
of it we just went through this what do
you mean
well no he said coolio it's coolio's
jogging my memory
a little bit
or maybe it's just that we've talked
about coolio on instagram in the past
maybe that's yeah have we ever taken his
account yet isn't that the plan was that
hey
can i ask a question was i in this
episode yeah yeah you were there yeah
you've been in everyone
that i know about that's true i guess
well wait was there was there one that
we did that oh no you weren't there for
part of one i forgot about that
remember that you weren't there
yeah we did the thing where uh jeff left
and then some reason we all came back
and it was eric
and i think and we threw the beginning
through the ball to each other yeah we
talked about coolio there though no he
didn't it was just the point jeff said
was i there for it i said you've been in
every upset how's uh
how's cool you're doing these days so
great we still we still haven't
overtaken his instagram according to
eric we gotta catch we had catch up on
that damn i just i love i love that you
didn't even [__] remember it gavin
was gonna make fun of me for for not
hearing the coolio thing you had no idea
what we're talking about no i just don't
understa
is this the best gaslighting in all the
world is this no the best performance of
all time i need to say that i'm wrong i
need to apologize right now what jeff
just did made me realize that regarding
is essential regarding is an essential
part of the letter you need to include
it and the context
right
right now holy [__] because there'd be
six letters just explaining who julio is
i apologize i'm wrong about that wow you
gotta have regardless
that was a mid-episode retraction that's
awesome that was yeah
very mature of you andrew
well i didn't very soon i've never
encountered what you just did i thought
you'd know i was kind of honestly trying
to team myself up to look more foolish
and then you were like i don't even know
and then i was like hold my root beer
god dude
[__] this is a dumb show it is a dumb
show is that your point was that you
said it a bunch gavin i didn't hear it
was that what you were going is that
what you want to talk about well my
point was gonna be can you believe
andrew didn't hear from you
and jeff was gonna be like yeah he
mentioned it three times and uh suddenly
my point out the window
this is in regarding to last week's
episode right my point was down the back
of a trolley
[Laughter]
by the wall
so what happened in vegas jeff
okay okay so here's here's what we need
to discuss a couple things okay we're
running out of time uh first off let me
just get this out of the way there's not
gonna be any arguments there's not gonna
be any disruption about it we're just
gonna barrel we're gonna barrel through
this andrew and you're not gonna [__]
this up for me
gavin you don't even have to say
anything uh october 1st the
bat knobs go on sale on the rooster
that's all i'm gonna say october 1st the
bat knobs go for sale maybe you get an
extra item maybe you don't you got like
a one in ten chance uh of maybe we'll
throw in something extra but if you buy
a bat knob on october 1st you'll get a
bat knob and maybe something else that's
all okay uh are you gonna talk about all
these bat handles bat knobs on the store
yes yes uh we're gonna call them bat
knobs uh
i went to vegas for andrew need to talk
about that something happened to me in
vegas that's very embarrassing i need to
talk about that uh i discovered a new
thing that i like to do way too much and
then gavin and i came up with uh a
modified stunt we want to do and we've
got some homework for you andrew
okay i want to cover all that [__] i'm
very excited about the homework can i
just i i don't know if we should talk
about it i in an extensive way i will
say that so we had the merch meeting
today and we laid out everything and and
i believe jeff you're like okay we all
agree but just as a heads up we're gonna
explain this to gavin he's gonna
immediately
challenge what is being said what we all
agreed upon i wasn't vocal in the
meeting some of it still doesn't make
sense to me oh i know i i know i i i a
little bird told me later that you were
having post meeting issues that's why i
said you're not gonna we're just gonna
barrel through it okay i just want to
say i ordered it i don't understand a
knob maybe maybe it comes with a logo
device i don't know but you're getting
it you buy a knob you're getting a knob
and it'll be numbered i don't i don't
know what this like i don't um
i think they should all come in the same
box regardless of if the logo device
can i talk about something unrelated
that was sort of brought up at the merch
meeting yeah i don't know if we should
talk about this we could edit this out i
guess if we want to how many baseballs
do you think jeff could consecutively
swing at gavin before he just broke he's
in a batting cage and he's trying to
he's like going for a home run every
time yeah if he's swinging he's trying
to make good contact on each ball how
many times do you think he could swing
before
his arms give out 50. jeff thinks he can
swing at a thousand balls
okay
we weren't going to talk about that
because that's a whole other whole other
lane we want to go into i do think i can
swing
there's no ears and ears there's no way
well you gonna be there for two days
and eric's over here going there's even
more baseball stuff listen we're gonna
get derailed on the baseball card
yes yes there's more baseball stuff yes
i think i we were discussing what to
sell next
and i andrew had mentioned that it seems
weird that we don't have we have all
this other baseball [__] we don't have a
baseball and then eric brought up uh
we're not a baseball podcast and which
is a fair point and then and then it
would have to make sense and i said i i
had the idea a couple weeks ago that
like what if if we sold baseballs what
if i hit each baseball with a bat first
like so each bat came each ball came
each ball came pre-hit pre-tested
uh
like pre-dinged right and then
they were asking me how many i thought i
could hit and i was like
i could hit a thousand baseballs sure
i didn't say i could do it all at once
but i can and i would
no the scenario you proposed was like
one time in a dugout just swinging away
what i loved about it is jeff said it so
confidently and then somebody quietly
the meeting was like you know maybe we
could just sell like 200 of them
like they were concerned about your
health
that's also a good point that's a good
point that that nick brings up or eric
brings up i only have to try to hit him
if i strike out that still counts we
just won't sell that one for as much
so you can own a baseball
that went past jeff we'll separate
the hit balls versus the strikeout balls
and the home run balls is all you can
pick one on the other oh my god you
would hit like 70 balls and then you
would just be ripping the boxes open
just thumping like 10 at once
i don't know and this all this all goes
back to this other i'm gonna do this my
girlfriend and i got into an argument
about something and oh she's
very [__] motivated to make it happen
let me ask you
i didn't i didn't think we were going to
talk about this but gavin let me ask you
a question how hard
how fast do you think you could throw a
baseball oh
probably not larry and i'll say this a
major league baseball like a major
league baseball player throws a fastball
anywhere from 92 to 100 miles an hour
typically i i could i bet i could do 60.
okay
so gavin's a reasonable person i i think
you could do 60 as well i don't think
that's what i'm not throwing a thousand
bulls
you just got to one
oh
how fast could you throw it though you
think you thought 60 miles an hour i
thought this was me serving you up for
hitting a wall no no no just how fast
could you throw a basement it's
unrelated it's madness and then a
different way gab it is unrelated but
equally insane
yeah i'm going to say 60.
okay i don't know if that's good or not
i mean if they're doing 90 then that's
barely anything in comparison
what about you
uh well
i'm reasonably certain that i could
throw a baseball
with training i gotta take an
incineration you know i i fell on the
shoulder last year with the or with the
in the bike the bike rack and i have uh
i had that mri and i have a troubling
amount of arthritis right so i'm gonna
have to i'm gonna have to put myself in
a regimen of stretching
and uh and probably uh yeah some
definitely like at least a month of
stretching and maybe some yeah some
range imagine me sending a bit of post
saying how fast can you throw the ball
and i got that in response yeah all
right regarding
regarding the baseball speed the back
side of the letter you had to flip it
over and he's still dead
still qualified regarding i'm just
regarding that i think i can throw a
baseball 80 miles an hour
oh my god really
i think so no way
there's a zero percent chance
you find that all you want there's no my
girlfriend my girlfriend bought a
baseball that records the speed you
throw it at so i can we at some point
uh what's your what's your fastest so
far i haven't done it at all yet
wait
you own a baseball that measures its own
speed and you never threw it yet that's
correct
huh i don't under why why would you not
throw it immediately
don't do it now
uh
i don't know where emily put it and no
because then i'll know that no i no i
wanna then you'll see 52 and then you'll
be like oh first off if we do that i i
gotta [__] it's gotta be filmed this
is gonna be content
that's fair it won't register when it
goes 49. no i'm gonna
and besides we'll have gavin gavin can
film it with the phantom and then he can
just speed it up to whatever looks like
80 miles an hour
you want me to time-lapse you with the
fact
i feel like the ball will be going slow
enough anyway
if if this is something we're into i'm
already uh i've already got this going
on with my girlfriend we can always turn
it into a bit for for the uh
eric's into it so i was gonna offer it
to you guys if you guys want it to be a
thing we would love for it to be a thing
i appreciate that it would be like if
you watched usain bolt right it was like
i could be three seconds slower like
it's ridiculous like what do you mean
we should all put in what number we
think you're going to throw at and i
don't think the phantom should film the
ball the phantom should film your face
when you look at the speech
the uh whoever gets the closest to my
actual number
uh wins uh wins a thousand swings at
baseball bat baseball
it'd be awesome
i would say you're i don't think
throwing is a strength of yours jeff but
flicking you're very good at you're one
of the hardest flickers that i've met if
that makes you feel good i'm a pretty
good thrower i wouldn't i wouldn't have
uh
i wouldn't have said i could do it if i
didn't think i could do it 80 though 80.
if i can't throw 80 i can get guy i get
goddamn close that means that if a car
drove by you at 70 miles an hour you
could throw a ball and hit it while it
was driving away from you
i would assume so yes
i love this i think an important
question jeff how far
how far are you willing to train to what
extent are you willing to attempt to go
for this well i i'll tell you that's a
great question andrew and i'll tell you
it's all gonna come down to how much it
hurts to throw the baseball the first
time once because it is going to hurt a
lot like i can't i can like listen i i
got issues with his shoulder so i know
it's going to be painful first of all uh
and so and it is so if i throw it and it
doesn't hurt so much and my first throw
is like 62 miles an hour or something
then i'll be like oh i'll train for a
couple weeks if i throw it my arm almost
falls off and i throw 48 miles an hour
then it's going to be months
eric just said we play baseball on
saturdays you're welcome to join us to
see that you absolutely can't throw 80.
i'm now rooting for a world where jeff
can throw 80 and he's like the pinch
hitter of this baseball team he comes
off just closes it out
i want to see baseball jeff if you could
throw 80 jeff uh eric has to let you
throw it at his bruise no way dude i
wouldn't hurt him like that eric how
fast is that bull traveling do you think
that hit you in the
in the water oh
man it was going i mean it was a line
drive i was probably 40 feet from the
plate and it hit me in the thigh so oh
god
i mean f f fast fast i also don't think
i don't think we'll be able to 20. i
don't think you could throw 80
accurately either not i didn't say i
could throw it accurately at all i just
don't think you can throw 80 period hold
on i'll be right back i gotta let my dog
out it's crying what is like our dream
gap because we want i wanted to be close
enough that jeff believes he can do it
so he does the training i think if he
goes if he throws below 40 he's not
gonna bother oh there's no way he's
gonna bother if it's below 40. i wonder
what that number is though maybe if he
throws like 60 65 it's achievable
here's the thing here's the thing
like
when we go to with mega 64 we would go
to fairs and we go to baseball games and
sean who's the most athletic of all
those guys
big baseball fan
he would throw and the hardest he would
throw is 69 and his record ever is 72.
so when jeff is telling me that he's
going to throw 80 i i'll put a hundred
dollars on it that you won't break 75.
there's no way
we'll see
i want to see his pitching form too like
is he gonna sprint full speed and then
throw the ball like what is his move
what is he thinking
he's gonna happy gilmore yeah no
yeah no i'm gonna i'm gonna pitch like a
like a major league baseball player i'll
pitch him okay so you're gonna stand
you're gonna
yeah
so what number jeff does it have to be
for you to decide that you think you can
do it and train on that first throw oh i
think i can do it regardless it's just
about how much training and and what the
time frame is oh so it's how long of
prep you would acquire yeah i'll get to
80 regardless it's just is it gonna take
me a month or is it gonna take me six
months i don't know
okay i think we should give him three
months and if he's not at 80 by three
months then he can't do it yeah but that
three months starts after i throw the
first pitch yeah yeah of course
the first test the first time i was
going to say i feel like we need to make
some rules of steroid usage and then
i've come to the conclusion i don't
think it matters you do whatever you
want it doesn't i don't think it will
impact if i could if i could get some
steroids from my shoulder i would do it
in a second not like not like jose
canseco tiny nuts juicing in a [__]
in a stall steroids but if i could get
some like you know from a doctor that'd
be [__] great i need not
nickname
well that's what happened to him right
oh man is that a known fact is that on
the right steroids making nuts small
yeah
where does all the nut flesh go
that's i don't know it sucks up in you i
guess
uh
it's wait wait is that a negative
i guess less testosterone right tiny
little consequence of it yeah i feel
like
we're just asking
his wife i don't know
i just i feel like more skin less
[Laughter]
cosmetically less nut doesn't seem like
a bad idea it's not something i'm
necessarily opposed to andrew your nuts
too big
i don't i don't know what the scale is
like you're worried about your nut size
aren't you no no i'm not i'm very listen
i'm not self-conscious about my nut size
at all i'm just saying i don't think
that if they were smaller it would be a
bad thing have you guys ever measured
you know those little like
those
precise measuring yeah like if you guys
ever measured your nuts
no what are you gonna just go around the
dot like the circumference yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah no not a tape measure but
like one of those little like you know
what i'm talking about those little like
shiny metal
tools that they use to to precisely
measure like cardboard [__] right yeah
you know what i'm talking about i know
you mean but in my head it's way funnier
if it's like one of those things you
measure your foot size in like that's
fine too that's fine too yeah as long as
you don't smash yourself
it seems dangerous all right so we're 45
minutes and now we started
oh god what was vegas like it was
awesome dude i went i was so i went to
vegas for andrew to buy him some video
games and i was hoping that it would
turn into a whole funny adventure that
would be great content for this podcast
what actually happens
happened is uh what took an uber to a
used video game store uh that was lovely
and the people that worked there uh were
very nice and uh so it wasn't in a rough
area they were familiar with with
rooster teeth and stuff it was in a
lovely area nice strip mall really nice
store huge tons of stuff and i bought
him a copy of fallout new vegas and a
copy of saints row 2 uh factory sealed
and uh got a decent price on them and
then so i they're in my closet i'll have
to figure out how to get them to you uh
i guess i'll mail them to you at some
point um good luck on that
and uh but you andrew you technically
own them they're just in my house in
texas
yeah it was it was super easy i was it
was happy i was looking so we were gonna
go emily and i were looking for a
weekend away we were thinking chicago to
see a white sox game or la to see a
dodgers game but we decided to hold off
and wait till the playoffs and then just
go to vegas and and it was it was an
excuse to go to vegas uh and bet on
sports but also uh it was fun and i was
happy to do it and i got to explore
vegas a little bit and i did something
in vegas that i have yet to do i've
embarrassed myself in a way that i have
yet to embarrass myself i'm so excited
what did you do
well
let me preface this by saying uh
if you're training it would be
completely different no just to get it
out there because it because it
you know my life is is is just imbued
with feces right oh no so uh i will say
yeah just get out of the way yesterday i
i barefoot stepped on dog [__] again
we squeezed between my big toe and my
other toe i got to look down and see
poop squeezing between my toes and on on
monday morning i woke up and arrow had
[__] the crate so i got to do that again
too uh first time she's done it in a
while why don't you look
down dude
yeah great question he's like in an fps
game
once can't see his feet yeah i was like
gold and i what i did
in vegas that was a new embarrassment is
had this you know staying at this nice
hotel we always stay at a big bathroom i
turned the shower on took off my clothes
and i was gonna jump into the shower and
i thought oh i gotta pee and i froze and
i thought i should run to the toilet pee
and then i thought i'll just pee in the
shower that's
you know that's fine whatever uh it's
not my shower and so i jumped in the
into the into the shower to pee and you
know how like when you start peeing it
makes you sometimes fart or poop and you
can't stop it no jeff no
i had no i had to fart and so i was
peeing and i thought ah i just got up i
just farted and then i went oh god
that's not a fart and i turned and i ran
from the shower to the toilet and i
[__] all the way to the toilet oh trail
a trail of little of little little
bloopy turds from the shower all the way
to the toilet like a like a like a
little snack like a like a like a snail
trail of do diarrhea duty because also i
don't know what happened to me in vegas
but the second i got to vegas the
diarrhea turned on and it did not turn
off until i got back
it was like a british guy visiting
america after a while
i was straight to the toilet
and you couldn't stop it
no dude you could just hold most of it
into it no and i'll be honest with you i
didn't know like i felt it and i went
like oh that was that felt bad so i
turned around to run and then i ran to
the toilet and i sat down in the toilet
and then i looked up and i saw like what
is that on the phone
oh no and then i looked around around
the door and i saw that i had left the
trail
yeah
oh yeah immediately i was like oh my god
you're not gonna believe it i just [__]
everywhere
yeah she was uh she was horrified
i like the not gonna believe it that's
the most believable thing i've ever
heard i absolutely believe it but this
isn't at all surprising that's fair yeah
and so i don't even know what to think
about that one man because like
now i gotta worry about [__] in the
shower well i mean if it's diarrhea it's
i don't
yeah yeah yeah yeah no it was diarrhea
it was it was it wasn't it wasn't normal
it was dying
i don't understand why you're applying
locations to this it's farting is the
issue
wherever you fart will be a problem it's
not suddenly a shower issue a piss-pot
is different yeah piss fart's different
i don't think piss i don't and and
honestly and honestly if i had just
taken a right instead of a left and gone
to the toilet like it's like a like a
civilized human i would have just i
would have fart dutied into the toilet
and it wouldn't have been a problem
wait so you ran like an out route like
what what do you mean like you didn't
run the best path to the toilet or do
you mean before no he went to the shower
instead of the toilet okay like when i
realized i had to pee and i had just
gotten naked i thought left in i shower
or right to the toilet
it's a good thing
you sit down and pee it is a good thing
i sit down and pee and here's why right
as if i needed more uh encouragement to
sit and pee this is oh this is that's
why in a way because you've like
have like my body thinking it's yeah
it's safe to fart and [__] while peeing
i mean
i've trained my anus
god damn it you're right how do you
untrain an anus or how do you retrain an
anus
how fast of a ball do you think jeff's
anus could throw her
[Laughter]
oh
man uh andrew your homework so oh so so
i'm pretty sure i have gavin convinced
on this so we were talking about like
eric said no
under no circumstances are we allowed to
jet ski joust
and then he seemed to he seemed
he seemed like he was down on the idea
of us high fiving in jet skis right so i
had another idea that'll make it maybe a
little less dangerous i also had another
idea about this but you continue
so what if we get we still get the
sprunk ramp right and we put it in the
water but we put in the water kind of
near the edge we get another ramp on the
edge then one of us is on like gavin or
i get let's say gavin's on the jet ski
i'm on a bicycle right and then so
gavin's going like gavin's following the
coast and i'm coming at him at a 90
degree angle right and then so i hit we
both hit ramps at the same time and then
in fr i pass in front of him on the jet
ski and on my bicycle we high-five in
the air then i just fall in the water
with the bicycle we pull it out and then
he sails off on the jet ski i feel like
this is way more dangerous what do you
mean what
that's what gavin's saying however i as
i as i pointed out to gavin as i pointed
out to gavin who said this seems like a
lot it seems dangerous gavin was scared
to death when he got on the jet ski the
gavin that got off the jet ski was a
totally different man i'm scared i'm
scared to do this too but once we break
the trick down into segments and we
practice those segments and we get
comfortable with those segments and we
realize they're not as scary and it was
taken individually then we put the whole
thing together boom we're set up for
success i just don't think that's how it
works like the man that got on the jet
ski was obviously i i got off way more
confident than i got on but i also got
off in way more danger because with
confidence comes
stupidity and danger oh absolutely i
told you i felt the gravitational
i felt the gravitational pull towards an
accident i still do that's gonna happen
is it gonna happen here i don't think so
i think it'll come in an unexpected way
i think when we do the dumb [__] it all
it it
we it gracefully uh
typically goes without a hitch
but we're gonna take we're gonna take it
in parts it's not like it's like i'm not
gonna throw an 80 mile an hour ball
tomorrow i'm gonna throw it in like a
month or two you don't know that yeah it
takes time yeah maybe maybe i will be
the eighty miles maybe it maybe i will
but you know if i can throw an 80 mile
an hour bowl in a month i could probably
throw a 90 mile an hour ball in six
months who knows okay so i'm going along
the coast
you're coming in from the coast
90 degrees yeah i'm just like i'm coming
at you right and am i just holding up my
arm so you're just gonna hit the ramp
and going like i don't know not too fast
oh god or whatever in the air yeah so
you hit the ramp you go up and as i see
you're coming i hit my ramp ahead of you
so that i pass in front of you and then
i kind of reach my right arm back as i
go and then as you're coming in you
reach your arm out and then we just like
we just tap each other's hands and then
i fi then i fall into the water and i
have to drag a bike out i have the hard
job you just sail off what happens when
when you're mid-air you're reaching
back and suddenly your front tire is
heading for my forehead why would we do
that
so you move
oh you move your forehead oh that's a
great point that's a great point you
just move gavin also a little practice
so that we'll practice so that that part
doesn't happen well i'm on the jet
there's no practice on this
you do this once
yeah we're good we're gonna listen we'll
practice well it's gonna be fun i did i
did the stupid bike trick a thousand
times
for gavin
we're going to have to do this a few
times before we get the right shot
those are comparable those are very
different level of things
i don't think we can even do what you're
describing in gta
i think we can and maybe that's some
maybe that's some supplementary content
for the site we'll put that on youtube
we'll plan it out in gta and if we can
do it in gta then we'll try it in the
real world yeah let's do a gta video
if we can't do it within an hour we
don't bother in real life
i think we can work up to this and more
so what's my homework
that's a great point
yeah you're right you're right gavin and
i were talking about how to how to
better incorporate you into the jet ski
stuff since you're in canada and how do
we really leverage andrew's greatest
strengths right and i think you're
you're like ultimate uh like super power
you're you're like you're like x-ray
superman x-ray vision right or he he ray
vision is is getting free [__] from
corporations so all we need you to do is
is reach out to sidoo or yamaha or any
other but ideally cdu via social media
and get them to donate or give us or
sponsor face with an official with an
official [__] face jet ski that that
they can provide for us it'd be great if
it had the logo on it but it doesn't
have to supreme sold a jet ski we can
i'm gonna transcribe how you
describe the stunt you want to do word
for word and just email that to every
see new company i could find well maybe
see if we have any takers listen we need
lit that's not going to get us anywhere
we need we need you to do your your
andrew best can i can i propose my my
kind of cross idea i had about this i
was thinking about this stunt too it
doesn't involve the ramp i forgot about
the whole ramp i'm already i like this
better but this is so combining of ideas
because i talked about doing doing the
jet ski jousting which i think still
would be did you see the the image
somebody made yes by the way i still
think it's a good idea did you see it
gavin yeah you guys could do it no i
didn't see it here i'll post it right
now it was made by i believe someone
named new york on on the subreddit look
at it you can't tell me this doesn't
look [__] cool you wouldn't watch
that great but the framework for that is
both of us with a pull through our
hearts what are you talking about put a
tennis ball on the end of the pole or
something
so this is my idea kind of a cross
between the two we get the jousting
sticks right you guys both just gonna
die no no no no no no trust me this mine
is so much safer we get giant foam hands
and we duct tape them
to the ends of the jousting sticks you
guys high five with the foam hands going
past each other why do you it doesn't
matter i love that idea the stick the
stick is going through someone no no no
you're not aiming at each other you're
aiming at a middle point between the two
and they're going to cross and hit each
other so they're slapping in the middle
yeah it is a distance high five using
the combining the adjusting idea i think
this is the safest thing approach i
think this is viable
i think that's great what we're going to
need though is the sea doos so we need
you to work
we and here's the thing we're going to
do once we have
once we have the jet skis yeah but we
need our own jet skis i can't keep
renting them once you've once you've
secured once you've secured jet skis for
us andrew via your android powers uh
then we can we can escalate we can do
all manner all manner of tricks we're
gonna be we when you i would like face
uh to be synonymous with the word or the
hyphenate jet ski i want i i like the
two go together like peanut butter and
jelly like when you hear jet ski
immediately you think oh obviously face
the jet ski guys so we'll do we'll
there'll be a million different uh cool
tricks and stunts and stuff we can work
on okay so we'd say we're definitely not
a baseball podcast but 100 a jet ski
podcast we're just that's what we are
we're jetski
that's eric saying we're not a baseball
podcast i just i'm just repeating what
he said how fast can you throw a jet ski
i know how fast i can drive one
i'm just excited i'm excited for these
emails andrew when do you think you
could get some uh when do you think you
can get going on this would you do you
think you'd have news for us by next
week oh without a doubt could i send
them by next week will i get a response
you know we'll see we just just need
ideas doing free jet ski ideally two jet
skis but if we could get one we'll make
it work
wait what do you mean if we get if we
only get one you mean like you'll rent
the other there's nothing yeah we'll
we'll make it work maybe
yeah we'll figure it i see i got it okay
i just wanted to make sure you weren't
gonna try to like reduce the stunt into
both being on the same jet ski somehow
and
doing this in some way complicated
version of
something that would result in your
death i think also in in in
since we're going all in on jet skis and
jet ski related content here at face
which by the way if you haven't seen
gavin's slo-mo jet ski uh video it is up
on uh youtube and i think on the
instagram that's not the stunt though
that's that's how they start that's just
that's the same level as the bike stud
just so
you can get your hopes exp
no i just i just i just wanted to catch
the joy of gavin's first jet ski
well my girlfriend did i didn't but yeah
is there an award show for like stunts
can we somehow like can we submit a
stunt as stunt of the year is there like
an oscars for stunts there's like some
sort of stunt festival we could take
yeah i feel like that that should be a
thing we pursue i don't know what exists
so since we're going all in on jet skis
i think we're gonna have some jet ski
related merchandise too like floaty key
rings and uh those like things to hold
your glasses your oakleys on so you
don't lose them when you fly off the jet
ski you know like
like legit jet ski related uh helpful
merch can we do a thing jeff where we
sell toy jet skis and one person just
gets a real jet ski
yeah
why not
as long as they fit in the same
container you know how you had that
laminated card in your wallet with all
the roman numerals on what if we just
had little laminated instructions to
flip a jet ski back over
it's very easy to do you got 60 seconds
to do it takes you about 30 seconds to
flip it over
gravity's gonna do all the work for you
taurus world stunt awards so this is the
thing oh they got a cool trophy
oh we gotta look into how what is the
requirements to to qualify for submit
submission voting this is exciting hey
uh
gavin free yeah before we end this
podcast am i i am riding my bicycle to
your house in a little bit right is that
happening do you have a bicycle and
you're going to be riding as well i'm
going to attempt to
scramble together enough air to get in
this tire i'll let you know if it works
okay because i think trevor and i will
be on our way here a little bit yeah
i'll get pumping
should let we should alert the kxan and
the other kitv and all the other news
channels that they'll be running tonight
what well gavin and i are about to hang
out yeah oh i see the rain the rain joke
okay use the local weather i got it
understood
local weather is always funny yeah it
plays well
good episode i thought yeah that was fun
that's a nice guy really quick time time
does just fly by i feel like we didn't
really talk about any of the things you
need to talk about but i'm happy with it
is it good uh i think we got through it
october 1st knobs uh
i [__] the floor in vegas
uh bought your games we yeah no i think
we're good the scariest part of that is
just not realizing you shat everywhere
like that's that's the right i didn't
know i i didn't know until i saw it yeah
i didn't know the poop the poop hit the
floor i knew that i thought i thought i
like clinched you know
but i didn't
but that's unfortunate and it was but it
was like it was also it was like pudding
it wasn't i don't need more that wasn't
anything i could hold it you know it was
soupy it wasn't no it's good yeah yeah
we should wrap up
yeah i guess so yeah
i agree
all right well uh hey thanks for
listening to another episode of the face
podcast this is the 70th iteration of
this show uh
you've been listening to pretty pretty
far in the year
pretty far into season two year two
farther into season two than we are in
the year two uh hopefully you like it
and if you do you'll uh you'll make some
stars and oh oh oh if you have any extra
shift keys andrew yeah stars and likes
is what we want here uh at face on the
on all the the spotifys and the itunes
and uh soundclouds and just stars and
likes and tell a tell a friend and then
and then stand over and make sure that
friend listens to the podcast and if
they don't slap him in the back of the
head and say pay attention [__]
you're listening to this podcast and
you're gonna laugh and uh yeah i guess
that's it we'll see you next week
[Laughter]
bye that's good bye
[Music]